Israel is preparing for a major ground
offensive into the territory while
maintaining a heavy bombing campaign of
Targets in the hunt for members of Hamas
the group is designated as a terror
organization by many Western governments
including the UK within the hour we've
had news of an Israeli air strike on the
Rafa Crossing of on the border with
Egypt our correspondent there tells us a
building on the Palestinian side of the
crossing has been damaged and there is
also damaged to the vital Road between
Gaza and Egypt the United Nations says
Israel's total Siege of Gaza cutting off
fuel food and electricity supplies is
causing a deepening humanitarian crisis
with hospitals close to complete
collapse it threatens thousands of lives
meanwhile thousands of Palestinians who
have left their homes hoping to cross
into Egypt have been left disappointed
with a Crossing remaining closed Jeremy
boen is in southern Israel
another war of words has started over
who's responsible for the suffering of
Palestinian civilians in
Gaza Israel is dropping the
bombs it says Blame Hamas for killing
and kidnapping and says Israel hiding
behind
civilians gazans crowded into un schools
after Israel told them to move South
towards the Egyptian border they're
supposed to be protected by the laws of
war America has felt it necessary to
deliver repeated reminders of that to
Israel along with military
aid this grandmother blames Israel then
speaks of tragedy hunger death fear
horror and
destruction in Rafa at the closed border
with Egypt Palestinians with foreign
passports are hoping to get out to
escape the pressure Israel has imposed
on civilians despite its legal
obligations you cannot ask people to
move out of Harm's Way without assisting
them to do it to go to places of their
choice where they want to be safe and
with the humanitarian Aid that they need
to make that Journey safely and right
now the movement that has happened has
not had those
Provisions Anthony blinkin US Secretary
of State returned to Israel after a
rapid tour of America's Arab allies the
US is giving Israel all the military aid
it
wants but it's trying to stop the war
spreading in Jerusalem in the parliament
Benjamin Netanyahu Israel's prime
minister delivered another
warning he told and Lebanese Ally hisbah
not to test
Israel two guys ehod alet prime minister
when Israel last fought hisb in 2006 was
scathing about Mr Netanyahu for
mishandling relations with the
Palestinians for weakening the rivals of
Hamas and said Israel should have two
objectives one is to fight Hamas the
other is to recognize the Palestinian
Authority
and try and uplift the Western the
Palestinian Authority and start
negotiate with them and say there is an
horizon of Peace after war in Israel
there's Unity about fighting Hamas the
argument is about why Hamas could break
through Israel's defenses and how to
deliver Israelis and Palestinians from
another generation of Bloodshed Jeremy
Bowen BBC News Southern
Israel well as we've been explaining
there was an air strike tonight near the
Rafa crossing that's where thousands of
people are currently waiting trying to
escape from Gaza into Egypt well our
correspondent is Rush rushi Abu ALU he's
in the city of hunis in the southern
area of the Gaza Strip he gave us this
update on the damage that was caused by
the
strike yeah I have seen fresh footage
CCTV uh camera from inside the
Palestinian terminal of Ra Crossing
there is some damage to the external
hole of the crossing but also there is
damage to the road that lead from the
Palestinian side to the Egyptian side
the damage isn't great and can be
fixable easily if the Egyptian decided
to open to reopen the crossing and allow
those with dual nationality that to to
cross into Egypt when we talk about
bringing in Aid uh we are talking about
the commercial side of the Crossing
which is close to the to to to the
terminal and it's not damaged I mean I
mean now they the point is stuck into is
there is a deal or no deal for now no
deal uh there is some talks diplomacy
big diplomacy everywhere in Doha in
Egypt the Americans in Israel but so far
as far as as far as I I remember today I
have been talking to many many parties
and all of them said that
negotiation is moving very slowly but
there is no progress to reopen the RAF
Crossing which for I think for the
Americans they want their citizen out
but for the 2.4 million people they want
something more important which is food
medicine fuel because as I'm standing in
this hospital kanun hospital this is the
main hospital now that is providing
services for for 1.2 million people the
only hital hital they said they will run
out the hospital will be out of service
by tomorrow midnight because they don't
have fuel and they don't have medicine
and they don't have any facility to to
run the hospital